[FEATURE] Promltest: support to test expectation annotations (#15995)
prometheus/prometheus: promql/promqltest/README.md

## `eval` command

`eval` runs a query against the test environment and asserts that the result is as expected. 

> It requires the query to succeed without any failures.

Reviewer: Unless you provide an `expect fail` line?

Reviewer: Let's also explicitly mention that the current behavior is different from the previous one where a simple `eval` would require no (info or warn) annotations and that you need to write `expect no_info` or `expect no_warn` now to create the same behavior.

Author: Done!

> It requires the query to succeed without any failures unless an `expect fail` line is provided. Previously `eval` expected no `info` or `warn` annotation, but now `expect no_info` and `expect no_warn` lines must be explicitly provided.

Reviewer 2: Not something for this PR, but it might be useful to introduce a "strict mode" for test files, where `expect no_info` and `expect no_warn` are implicitly enabled for all tests that don't explicitly expect annotations (ie. match the old behaviour).

Author: Good idea! We can handle that in a separate PR.

    * `regex` for regular expression match.
    * **Not applicable** for `ordered`, `no_info`, and `no_warn`.
* `<string>` is the expected annotation message.

For example:

```
eval instant at 1m sum by (env) (my_metric)
    expect warn
    expect no_info
    {env="prod"} 5
    {env="test"} 20
    
eval range from 0 to 3m step 1m sum by (env) (my_metric)
    expect warn msg something went wrong
    expect info regex something went (wrong|boom)
    {env="prod"} 2 5 10 20
    {env="test"} 10 20 30 45

eval instant at 1m ceil({__name__=~'testmetric1|testmetric2'})
expect fail

eval instant at 1m ceil({__name__=~'testmetric1|testmetric2'})
expect fail msg "vector cannot contain metrics with the same labelset"

eval instant at 1m ceil({__name__=~'testmetric1|testmetric2'})
expect fail regex "vector cannot contain metrics .*|something else went wrong"

eval instant at 1m sum by (env) (my_metric)
expect ordered
{env="prod"} 5
{env="test"} 20
```

There can be multiple `<expect>` lines for a given `<type>`. Each `<type>` validates its corresponding annotation, error, or ordering while ignoring others.

Every `<expect>` line must match at least one corresponding annotation or error.

> If at least one `<expect>` line of a specific `<type>` is present, then all corresponding annotations must have a matching `expect` line.

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that this is only for warns and infos.

```suggestion
If at least one `<expect>` line of type `warn` or `info` is present, then all corresponding annotations must have a matching `expect` line.
```

Author: Done!
